Vmware (#16484)
demisto/content: Packs/VMware/ReleaseNotes/1_2_0.md

#### Integrations
##### VMware
- Added 7 commands:
  - ***vmware-list-vms-by-tag***
  - ***vmware-create-vm***
  - ***vmware-clone-vm***
  - ***vmware-relocate-vm***
  - ***vmware-delete-vm***
  - ***vmware-register-vm***
  - ***vmware-unregister-vm***

> - You can now filter virtual machines by ip, host name, name and id in the ***vmware-get-vms*** command.
> - You can now filter events by start-date, end-date and user in the ***vmware-get-events*** command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support in filtering virtual machines by *ip*, *hostname*, *name* and *uuid* in the ***vmware-get-vms*** command.
- Added support in filtering events by *start-date*, *end-date* and *user* in the ***vmware-get-events*** command.
```
